5024 doc/update kubeapps on tce tutorial (#5307)
vmware-tanzu/kubeapps: site/content/docs/latest/tutorials/kubeapps-on-tce/02-TCE-managed-cluster.md

   tanzu package repository add tce-repo --url projects.registry.vmware.com/tce/main:0.12.0 --namespace tanzu-package-repo-global
   ```

> The outcome of the actions above is a management, managed TCE cluster running on your preferred infrastructure provider. Starting with that, _workload_ clusters could be created and be controlled from this _management_ cluster. For simplicity reasons, the tutorial continues by using only the management cluster, but it is not a recommended strategy for production setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The outcome of the actions above is a _managed_ TCE cluster running on your preferred infrastructure provider. From this _management_ cluster, new _workload_ clusters can be spun up and attached to it.

For the sake of simplicity, this tutorial only uses a single _management_ cluster with no attached _workload: clusters, but note that it is not a recommended strategy for production setups.
```
